Did you find out what happened to the Lin family?
What did you find?
The Lin family has been attacked by mysterious forces overseas
Economic collapse
Now on the brink of bankruptcy
But in order to find support
They decided to marry Lin Bingjiao into Jin Haisun's family
But Lin Bingjiao doesn't seem willing
Overseas mysterious forces
Immediately order the nine gods of war
I want 3,000 dragons to come to Qinghai to stand by
People who dare to touch me
I will kill you.
What are you doing here?
I heard your neighbor's having some trouble.
I'm here to help you.
Can you help me see the door?
Tell me a number.
How much does it cost to bring your neighbor's wife back to life?
That's enough!
Don't coax me with your clumsy tricks
Do you think
You can finally win my heart if you are rich
Got it.
You're only making me feel more disgusted by doing this
I really regret not finding a single beggar last night
Instead, I found a rascal like you
How can you believe me?
Get away and I'll believe you
Yo
It's all here.
Hahahaha
That's easy to handle.